hey guys what is up now today I'm gonna
be giving you a comparison video between
the pros in the studios now when we're
talking about sound that's the most
important thing about headphones
automatically go to the pros not because
they're $400 just because the sound is
just a tad bit more flat the basis and
so overpowering but it's a good amount
of bass the mid section is amazing the
highs are really crisp same goes with
the studio it's just not so much on the
mid sections and the bass is a bit
booming I don't mean that in a bad way
but both headphones sound really really
good with the all types of genres I
don't necessarily recommend the mixers
unless you only listen to hip-hop or
heavy dubstep tracks or you know heavy
bass heavy economies ik if you listen to
only that stuff yeah go with the mixer
if you don't really have to necessarily
go with the studios or the pros but if
you like all types of genres
you're not buying some of your music
then I would say just go with these
already but the thing about the pros
versus the studios is it has different
uses and functionalities the pros is the
DJ headphones while the studio's it's
kind of like the Bose it's the traveler
friendly headphones really compact both
are decently versatile both come with a
quarter inch adapter but the pros
quarter inch adapters of a higher
quality just because it's a screw on and
it's all metal so that's really good the
pros are the studio's it's plastic it's
just like the mixers that just pops in
and out like so you wouldn't necessarily
want to DJ with them just because you'd
probably snag them or something so
that's something to look out for all
Beats products does come with the inline
mic which works really really well you
know works really really well so you
might think yourself well if the pros
are foreigner dollars I should just go
with those they're automatically better
but I mean I've done traveling with
these headphones and they're not that
great I mean it does cancel out some
ambient noise
but it's a little heavy a bit
uncomfortable so that's something to
take note of but then again you wouldn't
really want to deejay with the studios
even though people do it still as
possible but it is a battery-powered
headphone so if you don't like
battery-powered headphones whatsoever I
won't necessarily go for the pros look
in them maybe the mixers or the solo HDS
but if you're willing to spend that for
underdogs for the pros and you don't
want the batteries you know just go with
the pros the cables I use the pros
actual deejay cable when I walk around
you know it's got the coil it's gotta be
l-shaped jack which is really
high-quality it's all metal really good
stuff it's got this like lanyard thing
that you can hook around the 1/8 the
adapter well somewhat so that works
really well it's about 4 foot cable and
what's cool about the pros is one it's a
dual employed input jack so you can
daisy chain and you can also put it in
twist it and now it doesn't come out so
that's really good that's all metal no
plastic the only thing that's plastic
and that actually has me kind of
concerned is the this these are plastic
these two little end deals they're
plastic and that's got me a little bit
worried what happens if it breaks I
don't know but the cable is probably the
best out of the beats line up the
studio's cable is just the standard
inline mic and it does come with a blank
cable but the studio's their comfort
ability is absolutely phenomenal the
style is iconic you know just take the
batteries and if you don't have the
battery you don't have sound so that's I
guess some of them take note of it
doesn't bother me
you just get the batteries got studio
got this kind of style and design your
cushions are comfortable
so I mean this is more for a traveling
person while these are for more in home
use like mixing audio video production
so if you're somebody that works on your
iMac and just really is just doing audio
video then go with the pros but I mean
if you're not anything into that kind of
stuff and you just want to walk around
want to travel with some really good
headphones go to studios right off the
bat the both sound really good
pros just sound a little bit better so I
mean I hope I gave you guys like a
really good in-depth tour of these
headphones both come with the case the
pro's are pro's studios come with a
harder showcase and the pro is coming
like this sack pouch diaper bag I got
rid of it I didn't like it so it's all
about what you do this is more simple
headphones but it does take a little
more to drive home so with your iPod
itself it won't really give you what
it's capable of even I noticed with my
studio or my studios my solely fees
along if I'm playing it through a
computer it's gonna sound ten times
better if I'm playing it through my ipod
it sounds really really good but just
not the best it could be and the pros
need quite a bit to drive it so if you
have your little iPod Nano and you want
to get some beats pros you're an idiot
because one it won't drive the
headphones and two that's kind of
ridiculous but studios the Bauer
battery-powered they power themselves so
no worries for studios so don't
automatically go with the pros just
because they're $400 make sure they fit
your lifestyle and make sure you like
this whole metal design I mean it's a
little heavy but I mean I think it's
perfect for me I'm able to use it
DJing wise obviously you'd want to go to
pros if you don't want to spend the
money
look towards the mixers just because
that heavy bass heavy music would be
good for the mixers so I mean this is
the beats Pro in the beat studio and
this is their comparison I hope you guys
or I hope I gave you guys what fits you
most so you don't have to necessarily
think you have to automatically upgrade
to the pros even though it's not that
bad of an upgrade so that's my video all
right